DOC-681: create basic index page without landing page template (#2023)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

> = Hazelcast Platform Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Hazelcast Platform overview
```

:description: Hazelcast Platform uniquely combines a distributed compute engine and a fast data store in one runtime. It offers unmatched performance, resilience and scale for real-time and AI-driven applications.

> image:hazelcast-overview.png[Hazelcast Overview,role="related thumb right"]

Reviewer: Maybe a little too small, but better than the other one

> Welcome to the documentation for Hazelcast Platform, the leading in-memory data grid and compute platform for building real-time applications. 

Reviewer: Can we claim "the leading"?

> Hazelcast Platform combines a distributed data store and a compute engine in a single runtime, enabling you to build high-performance, scalable, and resilient applications that can handle large volumes of data with low latency.

Reviewer: Maybe a second sentence here talking about how you can use it?

> Hazelcast offers xref:getting-started:get-started-enterprise.adoc[{enterprise-product-name}] and xref:getting-started:get-started-docker.adoc[{open-source-product-name}] versions of Hazelcast Platform. You can get started with either version using Docker, Kubernetes, or by following the quickstarts below.

Reviewer: Bit pedantic, but those quickstarts use Docker, and I'd expect users to follow our docs regardless. How about:

```suggestion
Hazelcast offers xref:getting-started:get-started-enterprise.adoc[{enterprise-product-name}] and xref:getting-started:get-started-docker.adoc[{open-source-product-name}] versions of Hazelcast Platform with a range of deployment options, including Docker and Kubernetes. You can get started with either version by following the quickstarts below.
```
